Platform-specific content re-architecture (#1085)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/setup/setup-from-github/side-by-side-engines.md

---
title: Side-by-side Engines

> description: Learn how to setup multiple configurations of Open 3D Engine (O3DE) on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up multiple configurations of Open 3D Engine (O3DE) on your computer.
```
